after months talking about him wap arrived
our market and it has already caused a
confusion in the volkswagen line
they even lost the lead in sales
but Volks seems to know what it does
modernized the 1.6 engine and wants the goal
or with the slightly higher segment and
no goal more complete than we take
for today's test the rally the name fox
vacancy is known throughout the
as a synonym of automobile
present on any street and up to
on racetracks and rallies from the
old search was going through the co
agile in Brasilia and pass that left a
Legion of fans in Brazil who enjoy
cars with the most sportive footprint as
family bag
originally launched in 2004 the model
2015 continues with the same philosophy of
a body with
props and mechanical modifications that the
difference from the rest of the line and this
year has the primacy of launching a new
1.6 engine of the brand on the line
few replace the current 1.6 of eight
valves but for now it's
only available on the rallye
know the cross is all made in aluminum
is more powerful with a series of
such as the admission command
to use torque and torque.
consumer ended up getting more consistent with
the sports proposal of the rally you
for now he gives that differential
that the previous ones suggest
performance is very good and it is not
just this among the news of the new engine
one is that he opened a sick person when
tanquinho for from April
but it is something that deserves attention without
doubt is the fuel consumption is the
better among all the cars that
we tested until today even believe until
Popular with motor 1.0
the queen version based on the four model
doors and it differs from the outside
details are Jorge because it is expensive what it is
asked
in here the difference was due to
of a more sporty finish in the
pedals and the name rally embroidered on the seats
four adults and one child are accommodated
well in this environment with materials
quality and well done bonuses
which still leaves a gap in the
security continues without a three
here in the middle of the back seat
one of the differentials of the gol rallye is
highest suspension in 28 mm
ideal for passing through the holes and streets
of our roads
to compensate for the greater height has
and firmer shock absorbers
unit is registered but undermine a
little comfort on uneven floors and
brakes and steering without the standard consume
handicap and the manual exchange of five
continued from the benchmark in the
Brazil by the quality of the couplings
I've never seen a goal as sophisticated as
that
seems even made in Europe is that the
factory decided to distance the model in
price and status of the year so now in
more expensive versions of the Gulf to prefer
optional equipment as controller
automatic speed sensors and sensors
accelerate the headlights and crank the
automatic windshield wipers
very cool because in the whole leave a
model with face of more evolved
the only thing is if the price is
when he was told it will be difficult to
to believe
ae ap
just cause
Come on then you have a goal ready
rallye equal to this crime remains cost
exactly 53 thousand two hundred and thirty
real
She may be well finished, but she still is.
a goal, right?
of course this is also one of the versions
more complete
the most basic rally goes for 50 thousand 150
but the price can also rise if you
opt for robotic exchange said
chan
are almost three thousand reais more at
The comfort of not having to change now is
time to talk notes
realize that they have stayed there longer
or less on a good average we start with
8 in performance
soon thereafter comes a 10 more than
deserved consumption security right not
have a three-point belt in the middle of the
rear seat and neither traction controls
and stability drops to 7 stability
finish will also get 8 plus 17
inner space and other two notes 871
bulletin carrier and cost benefit